remove scripts from oeo repo (#1686)
OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology: src/scripts/README.md

> All scripts for automated maintenance of the open energy ontology are now stored in an own repository: https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/oeo-tools

Author: ```suggestion
This folder is where the scripts for automated maintenance of the open energy ontology are stored within the repository. 
In future, all scripts should be stored in a separate repo https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/oeo-tools
```
